[docs] Update outdated callout in EAS Build setup guide (#46531)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build/setup.mdx

You can also use the above command to check if a new version of EAS CLI is available. We encourage you to always stay up to date with the latest version.

> > You may alternatively use `npx eas-cli@latest`. Remember to use that instead of `eas` whenever it's called for in the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You may alternatively use `npx eas-cli@latest` instead of the global installation. When opting for this, remember to always use it instead of `eas` whenever it's called for in the documentation.
```
